Updated class_loader QD (#152)
ros/class_loader: QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

## Dependencies [5]

Below are evaluations of each of `class_loader`'s run-time and build-time dependencies that have been determined to influence the quality.

> It has one "buildtool" dependency, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they do not contribute to the public library API.

Reviewer: @ahcorde nit:
```suggestion
It has one "buildtool" dependency, which does not affect the resulting quality of the package because it does not contribute to the public library API.
```

---

This is arguable, but I'll presume we've made that call everywhere.

> It also has several test dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they are only used to build and run the test code.

Reviewer: @ahcorde nit: 
```suggestion
It also has several test dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package because these are only used to build and run test code.
```

### Direct Runtime ROS Dependencies [5.i]/[5.ii]

> #### `console_bridge_vendor`

Reviewer: @ahcorde meta: I'm a bit confused here, why do we depend on both the vendored package and the system dependency?

Author: These are the run dependencies that are in the `package.xml`. yo system may work with the vendored or the system dependency. The QD need to include both

Reviewer: Right, the point being that the vendored package will (should?) take care of that fallback behavior, no?

Author: In other packages such as for example [rcl_yaml_param_parser](https://github.com/ros2/rcl/blob/master/rcl_yaml_param_parser/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md) we also define both dependencies

Author: You need to depend on both, if `console_bridge` [doesn't exist](https://github.com/ros2/console_bridge_vendor/blob/master/CMakeLists.txt#L72) then the vendor package will build it. I think this vendor package is only used for this. Then you need to depend on `console_bridge` to use the dependency.

> The `console_bridge_vendor` package provides a wrapper around console_bridge, providing nothing but a dependency on console_bridge, on some systems. On others, it provides an ExternalProject build of console_bridge.

Reviewer: @ahcorde nit: link to cmake documentation on `ExternalProject`

Reviewer: Also,

```suggestion
The `console_bridge_vendor` package provides a wrapper around `console_bridge`, providing nothing but a dependency on `console_bridge` on some systems. On others, it provides an `ExternalProject` build of `console_bridge`.
```

> It is **Quality Level 4**, see its [Quality Declaration document](https://github.com/ros2/console_bridge_vendor/blob/master/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

Reviewer: @ahcorde meta: should we re-state all dependencies' quality level for each package, as opposed to just linking to the quality declarations? Won't that result in a maintenance nightmare?

Author: Somehow we need to indicate the Quality Level of the other packages, because the Quality Level of this package depends on the others. This is how we have decided to go ahead, but we are open to suggestions. +1 about the nightmare

Reviewer: Hmm, what about having an standard icon or badge for each QL that packages can keep next to their QDs? Like a certification seal, that can be included by the QD of the package itself and the QDs of the packages that directly depend on it.

It won't auto-update recursively when something in the dependency graph changes though.

Reviewer 2: As discussed during the meeting, let's not block this QD on this issue.

#### `rcpputils`

The `rcpputils` package provides an API which contains common utilities and data structures needed when programming in C++.

It is **Quality Level 4**, see its [Quality Declaration document](https://github.com/ros2/rcpputils/blob/master/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

### Direct Runtime non-ROS Dependency [5.iii]

#### `libconsole-bridge-dev`

> The `libconsole-bridge-dev` is a ROS-independent, pure CMake (i.e. non-catkin and non-rosbuild package) that provides logging calls that mirror those found in rosconsole, but for applications that are not necessarily using ROS.

Reviewer: @ahcorde nit: link to `rosconsole` documentation/repository for reference.
